authors -> select
authors_alias_aggregate -> select_aggregate
authors_alias_aggregate_fields -> aggregate_fields
authors_alias_avg_fields -> average_fields
authors_alias_select_column -> select_column
authors_alias_max_fields -> select_max_fields
authors_alias_min_fields -> select_min_fields
authors_alias_stddev_fields -> select_stddev_fields
authors_alias_stddev_samp_fields -> select_stddev_samp_fields
authors_alias_sum_fields -> sum_fields
authors_alias_var_pop_fields -> var_pop_fields
authors_alias_var_samp_fields -> var_samp_fields
authors_alias_variance_fields -> variance_fields
authors_alias_bool_exp -> boolean_expression
authors_alias_constraint -> constraint
authors_alias_insert_input -> insert_input
authors_alias_mutation_response -> mutation_response
authors_alias_update_column -> update_column
authors_alias_stddev_pop_fields -> stddev_pop_fields
authors_alias_on_conflict -> on_conflict
authors_alias_order_by -> order_by
authors_alias_pk_columns_input -> pk_columns_input
authors_aliasConnection
authors_aliasEdge

authors_alias_obj_rel_insert_input
authors_alias_arr_rel_insert_input

authors_alias_set_input
authors_alias_inc_input
authors_alias_prepend_input
authors_alias_append_input
authors_alias_delete_key_input
authors_alias_delete_elem_input
authors_alias_delete_at_path

_tctnSelect                        - done
_tctnSelectColumn                  - done
_tctnSelectAggregate               - done
_tctnMutationResponse              - done
_tctnUpdateColumn                  - done
_tctnConstraint                    - done
_tctnOnConflict                    - done
_tctnOrderBy                       - done
_tctnPkColumnsInput                - done
_tctnBooleanExpression             - done
_tctnAggregateFields               - done
_tctnAverageFields
_tctnMaxFields
_tctnMinFields
_tctnStddevFields
_tctnStddevSampFields
_tctnStddevPopFields
_tctnSumFields
_tctnVarianceSampFields
_tctnVariancePopFields
_tctnVarianceFields
_tctnAggregateOrderBy              - done
_tctnConnection                    - done
_tctnEdge                          - done
_tctnInsertInput                   - done
_tctnObjectRelationshipInsertInput - done
_tctnArrayRelationshipInsertInput  - done
_tctnSetInput
_tctnIncInput
_tctnJsonPrependInput
_tctnJsonAppendInput
_tctnJsonDeleteKeyInput
_tctnJsonDeleteElemInput
_tctnJsonDeleteAtPath
